Introduce user.totp_enabled field and totp_secret optional param for create user operation (#348)
clerkinc/javascript: packages/backend-core/API.md

- _password_ The plaintext password to give the user.
- _firstName_ User's first name.
- _lastName_ User's last name.

> - _totpSecret_ User's secret for TOTP. Useful while migrating users to no need to reset their Authenticator Apps

Reviewer: 🙃 

```suggestion
- _totpSecret_ User's secret for TOTP. Useful while migrating users with enabled 2FA Authenticator Apps
```
